now when Balaam saw that it pleased the
now when Balaam saw that it pleased the Lord to bless Israel he did not go as at
Lord to bless Israel he did not go as at
Lord to bless Israel he did not go as at other times to seek to use sorcery but
other times to seek to use sorcery but
other times to seek to use sorcery but he set his face toward the wilderness
he set his face toward the wilderness
he set his face toward the wilderness and Balaam raised his eyes and saw
and Balaam raised his eyes and saw
and Balaam raised his eyes and saw Israel encamped according to their
Israel encamped according to their
Israel encamped according to their tribes and the Spirit of God came upon
tribes and the Spirit of God came upon
tribes and the Spirit of God came upon him then he took up his article and said
him then he took up his article and said
him then he took up his article and said the utterance of Balaam the son of Beor
the utterance of Balaam the son of Beor
the utterance of Balaam the son of Beor the utterance of the man whose eyes are
the utterance of the man whose eyes are
the utterance of the man whose eyes are opened the utterance of him who hears
opened the utterance of him who hears
opened the utterance of him who hears the words of God who sees the vision of
the words of God who sees the vision of
the words of God who sees the vision of the Almighty who falls down with eyes
the Almighty who falls down with eyes
the Almighty who falls down with eyes wide open how lovely are your tents o
wide open how lovely are your tents o
wide open how lovely are your tents o Jacob your dwellings o Israel like
Jacob your dwellings o Israel like
Jacob your dwellings o Israel like valleys that stretch out like gardens by
valleys that stretch out like gardens by
valleys that stretch out like gardens by the riverside like aloes planted by the
the riverside like aloes planted by the
the riverside like aloes planted by the Lord like Cedars beside the waters he
Lord like Cedars beside the waters he
Lord like Cedars beside the waters he shall pour water from his buckets and
shall pour water from his buckets and
shall pour water from his buckets and his seed shall be in many waters his
his seed shall be in many waters his
his seed shall be in many waters his king shall be higher than Agag and his
king shall be higher than Agag and his
king shall be higher than Agag and his kingdom shall be exalted
kingdom shall be exalted
kingdom shall be exalted God brings him out of Egypt he has
God brings him out of Egypt he has
God brings him out of Egypt he has strength like a wild ox he shall
strength like a wild ox he shall
strength like a wild ox he shall consumed the nation's his enemies he
consumed the nation's his enemies he
consumed the nation's his enemies he shall break their bones and pierce them
shall break their bones and pierce them
shall break their bones and pierce them with his arrows he bows down he lies
with his arrows he bows down he lies
with his arrows he bows down he lies down as a lion and as a lion who shall
down as a lion and as a lion who shall
down as a lion and as a lion who shall rouse him blessed is he who blesses you
rouse him blessed is he who blesses you
rouse him blessed is he who blesses you and curse it is he who curses you and
and curse it is he who curses you and
and curse it is he who curses you and Balak Stanga was aroused against Balaam
Balak Stanga was aroused against Balaam
Balak Stanga was aroused against Balaam and he struck his hands together and
and he struck his hands together and
and he struck his hands together and Balak said to Balaam I called you to
Balak said to Balaam I called you to
Balak said to Balaam I called you to curse my enemies and look you have
curse my enemies and look you have
curse my enemies and look you have bountifully blessed them these three
bountifully blessed them these three
bountifully blessed them these three times now therefore flee to your place I
times now therefore flee to your place I
times now therefore flee to your place I said I would greatly honor you but in
said I would greatly honor you but in
said I would greatly honor you but in fact the Lord has kept you back from
fact the Lord has kept you back from
fact the Lord has kept you back from honor
honor
honor did I not also speak to your messengers
did I not also speak to your messengers
did I not also speak to your messengers and you sent to me saying if Balak were
and you sent to me saying if Balak were
and you sent to me saying if Balak were to give me his house full of silver and
to give me his house full of silver and
to give me his house full of silver and gold I could not go beyond the word of
gold I could not go beyond the word of
gold I could not go beyond the word of the Lord to do good or bad of my own
the Lord to do good or bad of my own
the Lord to do good or bad of my own will what the Lord says that I must
will what the Lord says that I must
will what the Lord says that I must speak and now indeed I am going to my
speak and now indeed I am going to my
speak and now indeed I am going to my people
people
people come I will advise you what these people
come I will advise you what these people
come I will advise you what these people will do to your people in the latter
will do to your people in the latter
will do to your people in the latter days so we took up his article and said
days so we took up his article and said
days so we took up his article and said the utterance of Balaam the son of Beor
the utterance of Balaam the son of Beor
the utterance of Balaam the son of Beor and the utterance of the man whose eyes
and the utterance of the man whose eyes
and the utterance of the man whose eyes are opened the utterance of him who
are opened the utterance of him who
are opened the utterance of him who hears the words of God and has the
hears the words of God and has the
hears the words of God and has the knowledge of the Most High who sees the
knowledge of the Most High who sees the
knowledge of the Most High who sees the vision of the Almighty who falls down
vision of the Almighty who falls down
vision of the Almighty who falls down with eyes wide open I see him but not
with eyes wide open I see him but not
with eyes wide open I see him but not now I behold him but not near a star
now I behold him but not near a star
now I behold him but not near a star shall come out of Jacob a scepter shall
shall come out of Jacob a scepter shall
shall come out of Jacob a scepter shall rise out of Israel and batter the brow
rise out of Israel and batter the brow
rise out of Israel and batter the brow of Moab and destroy all the sons of
of Moab and destroy all the sons of
of Moab and destroy all the sons of tumult and Edom shall be a possession
tumult and Edom shall be a possession
tumult and Edom shall be a possession seer also his enemies shall be a
seer also his enemies shall be a
seer also his enemies shall be a possession while Israel does valiantly
possession while Israel does valiantly
possession while Israel does valiantly out of Jacob one shall have dominion and
out of Jacob one shall have dominion and
out of Jacob one shall have dominion and destroy the remains of the city then he
destroy the remains of the city then he
destroy the remains of the city then he looks on Amalek and he took up his
looks on Amalek and he took up his
looks on Amalek and he took up his article and said Amalek was first among
article and said Amalek was first among
article and said Amalek was first among the nation's but shall be last until he
the nation's but shall be last until he
the nation's but shall be last until he perishes
perishes
perishes then he looked on the Kenites and he
then he looked on the Kenites and he
then he looked on the Kenites and he took up his article and said firm is
took up his article and said firm is
took up his article and said firm is your dwelling place and your nest is set
your dwelling place and your nest is set
your dwelling place and your nest is set in the rock nevertheless Cain shall be
in the rock nevertheless Cain shall be
in the rock nevertheless Cain shall be burned
burned
burned how long until Asher carries you away
how long until Asher carries you away
how long until Asher carries you away captive alas who shall live when God
captive alas who shall live when God
captive alas who shall live when God does this but ships shall come from the
does this but ships shall come from the
does this but ships shall come from the coasts of Cyprus and they shall afflict
coasts of Cyprus and they shall afflict
coasts of Cyprus and they shall afflict Asher and afflict Eber and soul shall
Asher and afflict Eber and soul shall
Asher and afflict Eber and soul shall emilich until he perishes so Balaam rose
emilich until he perishes so Balaam rose
emilich until he perishes so Balaam rose and departed and returned to his place
and departed and returned to his place
and departed and returned to his place Balak also went his way